(nikhilm: This dir is a copy of rules_rust/proto/raze/patch)
# Patches

Cargo raze, in its remote mode allows for patches to be applied to a repository
before building it with rustc.  It is advisable to use this functionality
sparingly, if at all.  Also note that the patch is applied after all of the
dependency resolution has been completed by cargo raze, and that patching the
version of a dependency will not cause cargo raze to update that dependency in
the BUILD file.

The patch itself can be generated using git or another tool.  The output of git
diff requires the `-p1` option to remove the leading `/` from the git diff patch
format.

## protobuf-2.8.2
The protobuf crate from the rust-protobuf repository introduced a build.rs
script in the 2.x.x series.  This generates a small version.rs file that would
be
[included into lib.rs](https://github.com/stepancheg/rust-protobuf/blob/v2.8/protobuf/src/lib.rs#L122).
However, the build.rs file requires a number of environment variables, normally
provided by cargo to the build file.  Cargo raze does not provide these
variables.  The resulting code includes a version string and version identifier.
The version string is then used by protobuf-codegen to generate code refering to
the identifier in the protobuf library.  The use can be seen
[here](https://github.com/stepancheg/rust-protobuf/blob/v2.8/protobuf-codegen/src/lib.rs#L160).
This is to enforce at compile time that the version of protobuf-codegen matches
the version of the protobuf crate.

For this crate, the patch that is applied is replacing the include! macro with
what would be generated by the build.rs file.  This lets us avoid running the
build file altogether, at the expense of having to update the patch for every
version.
